Please answer the below core-java Questions:

	What JDK contains or composed of and define each components?

	Answer:	- The Runtime Interpreter
			      The Java runtime interpreter, java, is a stand-alone version of the Java interpreter built into the HotJava browser.
			      It provides the support to run Java executable programs in compiled, byte-code format. The runtime interpreter
			      is the core runtime module for the Java system.
			  
			- The Compiler
			      The Java compiler, javac, is used to compile Java source code files into executable Java byte-code classes.
			      In Java, source code files have the extension ".java". For example, file name "Happy.java". It takes files
			      with this extension and generates executable class files with the .class extension. 
			
			- The Applet Viewer
			      The applet viewer command connects to the documents or resources designated by urls and displays each applet
			      referenced by the documents in its own window. Also The applet viewer makes it possible to run a Java applet
			      without using a browser. AppletViewer ignores any HTML that is not immediately relevant to launching an applet.
			      However, it recognizes a wide variety of applet-launching syntax. The HTML code that AppletViewer recognizes is
			      shown below. All other HTML code is ignored.	
			  
			- The Debugger
			      The Java Debugger, jdb, is a simple command-line debugger for Java classes. It is a demonstration of the Java
			      Platform Debugger Architecture that provides inspection and debugging of a local or remote Java Virtual Machine.
			  
			- The Class File Disassembler
			      The Class File Disassembler, javap, command disassembles one or more class files. Its output depends on the options
			      used. If no options are used, javap prints out the package, protected, and public fields and methods of the classes
			      passed to it. javap prints its output to standard output.
			
			- The Header and Stub File Generator
			      The Header and Stub File Generator, javah, generates C header and source files that are needed to implement native
			      methods. The generated header and source files are used by C programs to reference an object's instance variables from
			      native source code. The ".h" file contains a "struct" definition whose layout parallels the layout of the corresponding
			      class. The fields in the "struct" correspond to instance variables in the class.
			  
			- The Documentation Generator
			      The Documentation Generator, javadoc, parses the declarations and documentation comments in a set of Java source files
			      and produces a set of HTML pages describing, by default, the public and protected classes, interfaces, constructors,
			      methods, and fields. As an argument to javadoc you pass in either a series of Java package names or source files.			

	What is IDE?
	
	Answer:		It is stand for Integrated Development Environment which is a software application which enables users to more easily
				write and debug Java programs. Many IDEs provide features like syntax highlighting and code completion, which help
				the user to code more easily.

	What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
	
	Answer:		NetBeans, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Android Studio, Enide Studio, BlueJ, jEdit, jGRASP, JSource, JDeveloper, and DrJava

	Explain the entire java life cycle.
	
	Answer: 	First, when creating your program, your source code will compile by the Java compiler, javac, with the extension
				".java" e.g. "file.java". Next, javac will then convert it to byte-code format with the extension ".class"
				e.g. "file.class". Lastly it is loaded to JVM, Java Virtual Machine, by the JVM class loader, where the JVM will
				convert byte-code to binary machine language which will be passed on to the computer operating system.
	
	what is class?
	
	Answer: 	It is a blueprint or template that describes the properties and behaviors of an object.
	
	What is object?
	
	Answer:		It is an instance of a class which has specific properties.
	
	What is the entry point of an application?
	
	Answer:		It is where control is transferred from the operating system to a computer program, at which place the processor
				enters a program or a code fragment and execution begins.

	Why main is static?
	
	Answer: 	So the main method can be called first by the JVM before instantiating any object. Because of static, it can be
				directly invoked via the class.
	
	What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?

	Answer:		Interface can only abstract methods whereas abstract class can have both abstract and non-abstract methods.
				Also interface supports multiple inheritance as abstract class does not but does implementation of interface. But
				interface cannot provide implementation of abstract class.

	Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?

	Answer:		No, you must create a non-abstract class with specific keyword to inherit.
					- To access abstract class, use the keyword "extends" to inherit both abstract and non-abstract methods
					  as well as its properties.
					- To access interface, use the keyword "implements" to inherit only abstract methods as well as its
					  properties consist of only static and final variables.

	what is Access Specifier?

	Answer:		It regulate access to classes, fields and methods in Java. The type of specifiers are public modifiers, private
				modifiers, protected modifiers, and no modifiers. These specifiers determine whether a field or method in a class,
				can be used or invoked by another method in another class or sub-class. Access Specifiers can also be used to
				restrict access. Access Specifiers are an integral part of object-oriented programming.

	What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.

	Answer: 	OOP, Object Oriented Programming, is a type of computer programming in which programmers define not only the data
				type of a data structure, but also the types of operations (functions) that can be applied to the data structure.
					- Abstraction:
						A process of hiding the implementation details from the user, only the functionality will be provided to
						the user. In other words, the user will have the information on what the object does instead of how it does it.
					- Encapsulation:
						A mechanism of wrapping the data variables and code acting on the data methods together as a single unit.
						The specific instance variables of a class will be hidden from other classes by access modifier private, and
						can be accessed only through the methods of their current class, public access modifier the getter and
						the setter methods.
					- Inheritance:
						The process where one class acquires the properties of methods and fields from another class. The class which
						inherits the properties of other is known as subclass and the class whose properties are inherited is known as
						superclass.
					- Polymorphism:
						The ability of an object to take on many forms. A class can have multiple inheritance, a class can have more
						than one same methods with different signature, and one class has one or more same method from another class
						but with keyword "super()".

	What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.

	Answer: 	- API, Java APPLICATION PROGRAMMING INTERFACE, is a list of all classes that are part of the JDK. It includes all
				  Java packages, classes, and interfaces, along with their methods, fields, and constructors. These pre-written classes
				  provide a tremendous amount of functionality to a programmer. 
				- Usage of API:
					String, Integer, Scanner, File, List, LinkedList, ArrayList, Map, Stack, Queue, FileReader and BufferedReader, GUI.

	Does java support multiple inheritance?

	Answer:		No.

	What is method overloading and when it happens?

	Answer:		A feature that allows a class to have two or more methods having same name, if their argument lists are different. 
					- It happens at the compile time.

	What is method overriding and when it happens?

	Answer:		A feature that allows a sub-class to have the same method as parent class by providing specific implementation with
				the keyword "super".
					- It happens at the run time.

	Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.

	Answer:		- It is an event that occur during the execution of programs that disrupt the normal flow of instructions. It is
				  usually occur there is an error within a method and display information about the error including its type.
				- Handling Exception:
					1. Try-catch block, with or without finally block
					2. Nested try-catch block
					3. Throw an exception

	What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?

	Answer: 	- It is used for memory management mainly. The static keyword can be apply to variables, methods, blocks and nested
				  class. The static keyword belongs to the class than instance of the class.
				- In variables, it can be used to refer the common property of all objects and gets memory only once in class area at
				  the time of class loading
				- In methods, it can be invoked without the need for creating an instance of a class. In other words, the method can
				  be called by a wrapper class instead of creating/instantiating an object to call on the static method. It can also
				  access static data member and can change the value of it
				  
	What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?

	Answer:		- It is used to restrict the user;
				- In variables, it prevents the user from changing the value of final variable. The value of final variable will
				  always remain constant.
				- In methods, it prevents the user from overriding the method.

	What is final, finally and finalize?

	Answer:		- Final is a keyword. It is used to apply restrictions on class, method and variable. Final class can't be
				  inherited, final method can't be overridden and final variable value can't be changed.
				- Finally is a block. It is used to place important code, it will be executed whether exception is handled or not.
				- Finalize is a method. It is used to perform clean up processing just before object is garbage collected.

	What is a constructor ?

	Answer:		A block of code that allows you to create an object of class. This can also be called creating an instance.

	What is "this" keyword in java ?

	Answer:		A reference variable referring to the current object, the object whose method or constructor is being called.

	What is "super" keyword in java?

	Answer:		A reference variable which is used to refer immediate parent class object. When creating the instance of subclass,
				an instance of parent class is created implicitly which is referred by super reference variable.

	What is JVM stand for ?

	Answer:		Java Virtual Machine

	What version of java are you using?

	Answer:		jdk1.8.0_131

	What is JAR stand for ?

	Answer:		Java ARchive

	What is compile time and run time?

	Answer:		- Compile time is when source code is compiled into machine code in order to become and executable program.
				- Run time is when a compiled program is running and can be opened by a user.

	What is heap?

	Answer:		The runtime data area from which memory for all class instances and arrays is allocated. The heap is created on
				virtual machine start-up. Heap storage for objects is reclaimed by an automatic storage management system, a garbage
				collector; objects are never explicitly deallocated.

	How java manage it's memory?

	Answer:		Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created when the JVM starts up and may increase or
				decrease in size while the application runs. When the heap becomes full, garbage is collected. During the garbage
				collection objects that are no longer used are cleared, thus making space for new objects.

	What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?

	Answer:		- Differences between String and StringBuffer/StringBuilder:
					String is immutable whereas StringBuffer/StringBuilder is mutable.
					The value stored in the String object cannot be changed over time.
				- Differences between StringBuffer and StringBuilder:
					StringBuffer and StringBuilder have the same method but different synchronization.
						- StringBuffer is synchronized, which means it is thread safe and hence you can use 
						  it when you implement threads for your methods. 
						- StringBuilder is not synchronized( which implies it isn’t thread safe).
						